This world has been shaken this week by events in Israel
Just as we left Jerusalem after the Feast of Tabernacles.
Shalom, my friends. At the moment, we're coming to you from our studio in the U.S.A..
We left Israel as scheduled after the Feast of Tabernacles.
Our very early flight took off at the same moment
that the Hamas attacks
Were being launched.
Now we're hoping to return to the region soon.
And we need your prayers, as many others do.
For the airlines to keep flying.
The animal-like behavior of the terrace.
Is what the world is really like without
the rule of Messiah.
And how's that working out?
That's why Jesus must return.
To rid this world of blood guiltiness.
The images coming out of this guzzle war are horrific.
But we need to look at them
And see the anti-semitism that Israel faces.
The world said never again.
But of many holocausts.
Has happened again.
And as a mother and grandmother, I'm praying night and day,
For the hostages.
The image of this little innocent baby boy named Ariel, who was reportedly kidnapped,
Hurts so much
He looks like my own grandson of the same age and size.
The images of burned and dismembered bodies, of course, can't be shown here.
But this is a powerful image we can show.
A torus roll strapped.
To an army tank.
This is a photo of biblical proportions, truly like
Something out of Bible days.
And how significant because the war began,
When Israel was celebrating Simchat Torah
The giving of the law,
On the eighth day after the Feast of Tabernacles.
And it was exactly 50 years.
After the Yom Kippur War,
When Israel was attacked on their holiest day,
And military intelligence was...
Also caught by surprise.
But God wasn't taken by surprise.
In this dangerous hour, the world needs to learn that
Israel matters.
God also has a plan for the Arabs.
First, let's look at what the Bible has to say about the nation of Israel.
Genesis 12:3 says,
I will bless those who bless you Israel and I will curse those
That curse you.
So these Hamas terrorists have cursed themselves through their actions.
We are also commanded to pray for the peace of Jerusalem in Psalm 122.
And Zechariah two eight says.
When you touch Israel, you touch the apple of God's eye.
So Hamas has touched.
The people.
Of the eye of God.
Psalm 121 verse 4
Declares that he that keeps Israel neither slumbers nor sleeps.
The Lord.
Is thy keeper.
The army may fail, they may be taken by surprise, but the Lord.
Is
Always awake.
And God promised Abraham that he would bless the Arabs.
My call to Israel is a lifetime call, but God also added to me his love for the Arabs.
That's why the Arabs must be delivered from the tyranny of Hamas and other rogue regimes.
We're living in the Isaiah chapter 19 highway.
This important prophetic chapter involves both Israel and their Arab neighbors.
God promises to bring about a messianic league
between Egypt, Israel, and Assyria.
And that's why Satan desperately wants to fight.
with a civil war between blood brothers.
So tragic.
Our Israeli friends, Nimi Misenai, is the father of Israeli software.
And now with his income is spending his retirement years.
Telling the Palestinians in Bedouin,
That they are genetically Jewish.
Which has been proven in Dna laboratories.
And even the Palestinians secretly admit it.
But politically, they have been stolen.
The Palestinians have been hijacked by extremist Islam.
And their children brainwashed
Into hating Israel.
But
The good news is we're living in Isaiah 60. I want you to listen to this because
This describes our time so much, and also.
The salvation of Israel and the Arabs.
Arise, shine, for your light has come.
And the glory of the Lord rises upon you.
For behold,
Gross darkness covers the earth.
Thick darkness is over the people.
But,
The Lord.
Will arise upon you, and his glory will appear over you.
Verse three, nations will come to your light,
And kings to the brightness of your dawn.
Then we are exhorted.
And Israel is specifically
Exhorted, lift up your eyes and look around.
They all gather and come to you. Your sons will come from afar. This is the regathering of Israel, and the daughters will be carried.
On that arm.
Then they will look and be radiant
And your heart will tremble and swell with joy because the riches
Of the sea.
And other nations
The wealth of the nations will be brought to you.
Now look at this, verse 6.
Speaks of the salvation of the Arabs in the millennium.
Caravans of camels will cover your land, young camels a million, and if rot.
and all from Sheba, that's modern Saudi Arabia.
bringing gold and frankincense and proclaiming
The praises of
Yahuwah.
The Lord God of Israel.
All the flocks of Kedar will be gathered to you.
The Rams of Nehoboth, these are
Arabic patriarchs,
will serve you.
And go up on my altar, God says, with,
Acceptance.
I will adorn my glorious house.
So you see the Arabs are going to be included in this regional salvation.
Surely a remnant will be brought.
Up to Jerusalem during the millennium.
So thanks for your support of the Jerusalem Channel.
We're here to lift up in prayer God's eternal purposes for all the peoples in the region.
In these last days
My latest blog on Substack points out the wonderful truth
That the God of Israel has a shadow army of believers.
Who are fasting and praying at this time.
as Bible prophecy unfolds.
And we will increasingly see
God vindicate
His own word. Hallelujah.
In the meantime, you know me, I'll always be contending for the faith.
And praying earnestly.
for the peace of Jerusalem.
Shall I?
I'm Christine Dorick.
Maranatha!